So that we will get the background.
No, I think I have.
Okay.
Just remove this background matter and here I will take the new color and give the parameter to two
five, five, two, five, five, two, two, four and done.
Now we need to fill the recto side.
And so what we have to do.
We will write the rectangle.
Okay.
So we have the specified rectangle here with the right and the left edges.
So here I will write no zero.
Just the y coordinate with the zero here.
Next thing which we have the edge.
It will be.
Okay.
Here we will firstly give the third tier.
So here I will write this to get.
We literally have created here.
We have to give the height here.
So here I will right at height.
And now what we have to do, we will create a list which includes all objects of the game.
So here I will do I will create an array list of the actor.
Close.
Which we have already actor here I will write.
We will see the body of it afterwards.
Here I will create that actor class.
You have the whole right new ArrayList.
And then after that, we need to create all the world list which include all objects.
So here I will write Voldemort and all.
Here I will give it to the false.
Next one is the warlord at all.
Give it to the areas
key.
We need a head on.
We can remove afterwards when we write the body of it.
Okay.
Here.
I will try it back.
Done.
Next on which we need the one not and all we have the support one.
So this is done.
We have created a list which includes all objects of the game.
Now we will create through the world container and draw the objects.
So we need a for loop here.
So I will write for.
It will start with the end.
I set it to the zero here.
I should be less than with the whole dot size.
And I plus plus bracket opened me to take the whole actor class with the variable item and set with
the wall dot cat.
And next, I know we have to check with some condition here.
So here I will write item instance of the player class also.
So here I will write the instance of player class.
And next condition which we have item the instance of
instance off and the next is one the baggage here.
Which we have created these classes, the market and the player.
So we have the baggage.
Now we will iterate through the world container and draw the objects here.
So the player and the baggage images are a bit smaller.
So we are too close to that coordinate to center them.
So here what we will write.
Here I will draw the image.
So we need the draw image method.
So I will try to draw image.
And I will say this.
Return the item.
Note get image.
And next one is the item that.
Thanks.
Next one.
Here it is added to the two.
Next one which we need item not why add and to the two.
Next and the last which we need.
Here.
We will write this
and what we can do here.
We can have the health condition that we will here, the health condition here, and just try to change
our image.
Here.
I will give.
I don't get the image.
Next one is the item, not X.
And then, I don't know, an item or two.
Why?
Last one is this.
Remove this other one and just turn.
And doctors ALS.
Lou, we have to check with another condition.
This will take a matter first.
It should be the is completed and which you will create afterwards.
And I will set the color.
Just new color and give the parameter 2000.
Just draw the string and give.
Completed
here.
Take the X coordinate with the Y here.
20.
So here what we have done, we trade through the world container and draw the objects.
The player and the baggage images are a bit smaller.
So we here we have added two blocks to their coordinates to center them and now we have created if the
level is completed, we drop completed in the upper left, upper left corner of the window.
So after that.
We will do more after completing these bodies here.
So just start.
No, we need.
We have done now.
We need to create a compressed event also.
So what we will do.
Right.
Before that.
We need a paint component matter too.
So after here, we will take the public wine and write the paint component and give the argument with
the graphics.
We just need to super not paint component.
Near the volleyball.
Give G.
Don't.
Now we need the key pressed matter.
We have to be.
We have you created.
We're here.
We have already done we have used the component of the key listener.
So what we will do here, we have we should create we will create the key pressed matter.
So after this, we will write private class, which will be named as the adapter, which should exchange
the key adapter here.
No,
not this.
We have the matter.
Public void.
Keep rest and give the event.
Key event.
E.
You know, what we have to do is sign the key press matter.
We will check what keys were pressed.
We control the command object with the cursor keys.
If we press the left or key, we check if the SO command collides with the wall or with the baggage.
If it does not, we move the command to the left.
So firstly, it will check if it's completed.
No, not simply write written.
And know next thing which we need, we have to get the key.
What key is pressed.
So take a variable in key and we will get the key code.
Check what key is pressed here.
So it will return the integer.
What you have to do will go with some switch keys here.
So we need the switch just here.
Now we need to.
Okay.
So what we will do if.
If we press the left cursor key, we check if the one collides with the one or with a magnet.
If it does not mean we, we will move the one to the left.
Here.
I will mention some such cases.